Logon: 
Logged into joes profile with the username being joe and the password * OR 1=1
Changed admin cookie to True and reloaded the page which gave me the flag

Login:
First I inspected the source file, did not see anything weird in the html file but there was a javascript linked there. I opened the file and found an encrypted password.
Put the password given in the javascript file in cypherchef which game the flag.

Matryoshka doll:
Used binwalk -e -C on the doll image
Then used binwalk Matryoshka on the second image which extracted all of the files 
Navigated to the last directory that was extracted from the 2nd image and found the flag text

Glory of the Garden:
Used exiftool garden and binwalk, both didn’t show a file hidden in the image
Then I used strings on the image and the flag appeared at the end of the printed string

Mind your Ps and Qs:
Tried solving it the mathematical way, didn’t understand what was happening
Searched for a RSA decryptor, plugged in the values which were given, and received the flag.

The Numbers:
The numbers that where in the image matched with the alphabet, since I already know the pattern of the flags I know the first 7 letters are picoCTF, this corroborated with the numbers 

Includes(web expl):
Looked at the html file, then looked at the css file, which had the first part of the flag, and went back and looked at the javascript file which had the second part of the flag.

Local Authority:
Had an username and password input box, thought it had to do with sql injection, so I tried “* OR 1=1” that didn’t work however so I decided to inspect the page, and found that it had a secure.js file, 
I clicked on that and it had the user name and password. I used that username and password combination on the website and I received the flag.

Enhance!:
Didn’t know what an svg file was so I searched that up. Before I searched it up I did binwalk and exiftool to see if the picture had something hidden in it but it didn’t, thats when I decided to search up the file type and learned that: 
“Scalable Vector Graphics, or SVG, is a widely-used XML-based vector image format that allows for the creation of two-dimensional vector graphics. SVG images are resolution-independent, meaning they can be scaled up or down without losing 
image quality, making them ideal for various purposes like web design, icons, logos, and illustrations. Here are some key characteristics and features of SVG images:” with the help of chat gpt, which also provided this example:
Thats when I realized that I could inspect the image, which opened up in my browser and found the flag divided in the code.

Redaction gone Wrong:
This problem gave a pdf file which I first downloaded it and ran cat [filename] in the terminal and couldn’t find anything obvious. Then I decided to open the file in a PDF reader and it had some of the text boxed out in black. I clicked on the last box and that was the flag. 
